Hello everyone. Welcome to a new episode of The
Dissenter. I'm your host, as always, Ricardo Lobs and
today I'm joined by Miss Brittany Andrews. She's a
Hall of Fame actress and legend in the adult
entertainment industry with over 30 years. Experience and we're
going to talk about her career and some other
topics related to pornography and sex work today. So,
Miss Brittany, thank you so much for coming on
the show. It's a huge pleasure to
everyone. Well, thank you for having me. Um, I
always love having a good conversation about pornography, sex
work, and goodness gracious, whatever else we can muster
throughout the rest of the interview.
Awesome. So, let's start with uh some background here.
So you've been in the industry for a while.
Uh TELL us a little bit about that. How
did you become an adult actress and uh did
you have Any other, uh, sex work-related occupations before
that or not?
So I started off, uh, when I was 17
years old with a fake ID in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
as a stripper. And you know, this particular strip
club is not, you know, I live in Vegas
and they've got the fabulous strip clubs. Uh, IT'S
not that one. It's the exact opposite. It was
totally in the ghetto, drive-by shootings like the pool
was a basement pool with duct tape around it.
Um, I'd like to go to it still to
this day, like once every 10 years and everybody's
like, you're gonna get shot. And every time I
go, I'm like, oh my God, I'm gonna get
shot. I mean, it is in the freaking ghetto,
right? Um, AND so anyways, that's where I started
off and then I went into, uh, feature dancing.
Then I went into magazines, and then I went
into film as an actress, and then I opened
up my own studio and started producing, directing, doing
distribution, owning websites, and you know, the rest is
her story, not history, but her story.
And, and I mean, looking back uh through this
past thirty-ish years that you've been in the industry,
uh, how has it evolved, uh, over this period
of time? I mean, looking back, what do you
think are the main changes that you, you've seen?
Well, you know, everybody always ask me this, like
what's changed? And it's like everything has changed. But
you know, when I first got into the business
um back in the 90s, they were still, still
shooting on 35 millimeter. It was before handheld digital
cameras existed. So back then, it was, you know,
big production, studios, contracts. MODELS, uh, that's kind of
what defined like what the nineties were besides, you
know, really big hair and black makeup. Uh,
AND there were still VHS tapes back then. Yes,
everything was on VHS when I first started producing
and directing. The first film, you know, that I
did was on VHS. So then I would say,
you know, that The era after that would be
defined by, you know, peer to peer sharing, like
the era of Napster, tube sites, and everything changed
because the way that you used to make money
by producing content and putting it on, at that
time it was on DVD like literally the next
day it would be on a peer to peer
network and on tube sites and the business went
into a very quick decline. Um, AT that point,
um, almost everybody I know ended up going bankrupt
during that time. I ended up going to, uh,
film school. I was like, you know what, let
me just retire and go to school. And actually
it was a very smart move because at that
time as well, it was, uh, the 2008 economic
downfall. So right around the, the, the macroeconomy downfall,
you also had our microeconomy of what I like
to call Little Hollywood. Everybody was going bankrupt because
of this whole peer to peer and tube sharing.
Um, AND then, you know, I came back in
when, uh, when it was now what you would
call the creator economy and where creators now uh
are able to own and I was already doing
this back in the 90s, but I was really
forward thinking, you know, I've managed quite a few
adult film stars from the 90s and none of
them was producing and directing their own. Content. They
weren't really forward-thinking with ownership rights, where for some
reason I really was from quite a young age.
And so I left and retired when that way
of making money of producing, directing and distributing no
longer worked for me. And then I came back
in when you had these creative platforms where you
could distribute your content and start making money being
a content creator again. So that's kind of how
I would define, you know, like the 90s and
then in between and like where we're at now
and some of the changes and of course, so
many technological changes. I mean, at the end of
the day, the two industries that are always at
the forefront of emerging technology are finances and the
adult entertainment industry. And that's one of the reasons
why I've been able to do so well and
because, you know, I, you know, the adult Industry
I've always evolved with it and I've always loved
emerging technology. So, you know, I've been doing, you
know, in 2020, I had sold over 100 NFTs
in that year. So, uh, you know, I was
one of the first people to jump on AI
in so many different ways. I went to the
first ever chat GBT seminar in the world here
in Vegas. So, um, yeah, so that's, that's kind
of how I would define some of those different
eras and some of the changes.
And across those different areas, I, I mean, do
you think that any of those mediums, I mean,
VHS, DVD, and then the internet, the different platforms
on the internet, the different ways of shooting pornography
and so on, do you think that any of
them, uh, stands above the others in terms of
the benefits that performers, uh, get from it?
Well, you know, it's funny because one of the
questions I was asked by a paparazzi photographer one
time who's been around longer than I have, and
I really think that he thought I was going
to say I preferred the performer of yesterday instead
of the performer of today. And, you know, I,
I think I kind of shocked him because back
in the 90s, primarily, all you had to do
was just show up, do the job, and then
go home. Where Whereas now in order to be
a successful content creator, I mean, you really have
to, you know, understand how to be a producer,
how to be a director. You have to understand
platforms, you have to understand algorithms, you have to
understand contracts, you have to understand compliance. You have
to understand editing, post-production, storage, I mean, marketing on
all the different social media platforms. And what that
includes, um, managing a team because it's impossible to
be a content creator in this day and age
and be, you know, large scale successful without also
managing a team, which means you also have to
understand, you have to have financial literacy and understand
accounting and taxes and I mean at the end
of the day to be a successful content creator
today, you have to have the same. Uh, KNOWLEDGE
and wisdom in business that you would if you
were going to run any kind of business, plus
some because we're just so expected to be kind
of omnipresent and to be everywhere. I kind of
crack up at YouTube, uh, influencers because they're like,
oh my God, I've got to go on like
3 platforms. I'm like Honey, I'm on like 50
of them. I've got the fan platforms, the clip
platforms, my official website. Then you've got the tube
sites, then you've got social media. And then with
social media, I've got like, you have to, as
a sex worker, you have to have multiple social
medias because you're always um getting discriminated against and
you're having your Instagram taken down, your YouTube taken
down. So you You have to have multiple backup
ones. So I mean, you really have to be
a smart cookie in this day and age to
be a successful sex worker, content creator, which I
think, you know, a lot of people really downplay
what goes on behind the scenes to be a
success in this business in this day and age.
Yeah, you really have to be in a sense,
an entrepreneur and acquire many different kinds of skills.
Yes, correct. Mhm, YEAH. So, uh, but, but I
mean, going back to the part where we were
talking about how you got into the industry, what
motivated you originally to become a sex worker? I
mean, what is it that you find the most
interesting about sex work and particularly pornography?
You know, when I originally got in as a
stripper, I remember this was back in the days
when you would look in the newspaper and the
classified ads, some young people won't even know what
that is. But you would look in the newspaper
for jobs and I remember being kind of like
intrigued, curiosity. Um, THEY used to have like 1-800
phone numbers that you could call like sex party
lines. Like I was always interested in those too.
So I think originally it was curiosity. Um, YOU
know, I do come from poverty as well, uh,
growing up, and you know, I had a lot
of jobs in management before I ended up. Um,
BEING in the strip club and I remember making
like $100 in 5 minutes. And I mean, back
then, I think minimum wage was like $5 an
hour and I was like, this is my calling,
you know. And I'm a Leo, so I'm a
natural born performer and entertainer. And as a woman,
it was an industry, even though it was very
difficult in the 90s, don't. Don't get me wrong,
but it was something that without an education that
I could see myself climbing, you know, the corporate
ladder, one might say, relatively quick. It was an
industry where I had control of everything and it
just depended on how hard I wanted to work,
what I was going to get out of it.
And so there was really no limitation to how
much I could succeed. Um AND so coming from
like no education, poverty, being a female, this industry
offered me opportunities that I could not get to
in any other way in the 90s that I
saw. And to me, uh, that was extremely, um,
you know, it, it looked very good to me
and I was like, Yes, this is, and I
had no problem, you know, with my sexuality whatsoever
at all. So, and just the fact that there
were so many different things that I could do.
I'm somebody that gets bored very easily. It just,
it's so worked for my personality on so many
different levels. I was traveling a lot back when
I first started because I was feature dancing. Um,
YOU know, it just had all of the, the,
um, the things that I was looking for, uh,
in life, you know, not just in a career,
but in life, you know, so, um, it was
very attractive to me and I just dove right
in and I've just been swimming Lake Nemo ever
since.
But I mean, looking at how the industry works
nowadays and the different kinds of avenues that people
who are sex workers and produce pornography can explore,
particularly online and elsewhere. Uh, I mean, if, for
example, uh, an 18 year old or a 19-year-old
girl approached you and asked you, uh, and said
that she was interested in getting into the sex
industry and asked you for advice, I mean, what
would you tell her?
Well, I guess I would first have a conversation
with her and see if she um has the
right psychological makeup for it. You know, I know
I definitely did at a young age, but that
doesn't mean that everybody does. I was very strong-minded.
Like I was not somebody that was going to
be ran over or taken advantage of, you know,
if somebody's very naive, they should probably wait a
couple. OF years, you know, I had lived on
the street and so I was very like street
smart when I got into the business. If you're
somebody that's naive and you're really young and you're
shy and you haven't explored your own sexuality yet,
I would probably say to wait a few more
years before you jump in. Um, BUT if somebody's
got all the right makings for it, you know,
my kind of advice is to start with, I
think like the safest way to get into the
adult entertainment industry and to kind of flex your
wings and see if you're meant for the business
that's very safe is webcamming. So, you know, and
that's something that once again you have to understand
platforms, you have to understand. Algorithms, you have to
learn how to market yourself. You have to understand,
you know, finances and so I think it's a
really, you know, and you're typically working, you know,
in your home by yourself. So I think that's
a really good way to kind of gauge whether
you're right for this business or not is to
start with webcamming because it's a very safe space
to enter and to see if you're right for
it or not.
But, but in terms of, uh, the fact that
people, and of course in this case we're focusing
on girls, women, uh, have to expose themselves, I
mean physically online, they have
to men and transgender males and females.
Yes, yeah, yes, of course, of course, but, but
I, I, I mean, uh, talking about that aspect
of the intimate of the public exposition of, uh,
their intimate. I mean, physical body or whatever you
want to, or however you want to put it.
I mean, do you think that people need to
have particular kinds of personality traits to be able
to deal with that?
Yeah, I mean, if you are gonna be worried
about uh finding a boyfriend or your family or
any of these different things, like I don't know
how much I can swear on here, but Can
I use the F word?
I mean this will be on YouTube, so it's
better for you to avoid that.
Let me just say I did not give a
funk. OK,
OK, OK,
that's fine. You know, I did not care whatsoever
at all about who saw or whatever, and I
found it to be very liberating, and I had
like zero qualms with, uh, my own sexuality and
expressing that or being a voyeur. So that's why
I kind of said before, like if you're naive,
if you're shy, if any of your personality traits
don't lend itself to this. This being a healthy,
a healthy space for you to be in, then
you should not be in this space because God
bless as somebody that has been in this business
for 35 years. I've seen a lot of people
that don't belong here, that aren't strong enough to
put their foot down when boundaries are crossed. If
you can't, um, if you can't forcibly enforce your
own boundaries, then you should not be in this
business. If you're too shy. To stand up for
yourself. You should not be in this business because
it is a business where people are going to
test you and to push your boundaries to see
how much they can uh get out of you.
And if you're not willing to stand up for
yourself and to protect yourself, then you will be
used by this industry like many other industries. This
is not the only one, the music industry, entertainment
in general, and even 9 to 5 workplaces, they're
all Also going to do the same. Um, SO
I mean I think it's very important though when
it's such an intimate type of thing like you're
talking about, um, that it can do damage, you
know, it can traumatize a human being if you're
not, if you're not the right kind of personality
to be doing this type of business, then yeah,
if you, if you don't have the backbone for
it, then you should probably stay out of it,
uh, because nobody wants to see people coming into
this business and then living in their. FOR the
rest of their life, which can happen, you know,
so, um, that's why I say I kind of
feel like webcam is a good way to start
because it's not super public, um, and it's not
like, you know, shooting for browsers or something like
right off the bat where everybody is gonna see
it, kind of test the waters a little bit
and be honest with yourself on whether, you know,
this industry is for you or not.
What do you think are the most common misconceptions,
uh, people in general, I mean, the general public
have, uh, about pornography? Well,
I think like one of the things that you
just mentioned is exploitation, right? A lot of people
think that that, um, all sex workers are exploited
and really the exploitation comes when um you're having
stereo. Types when you're putting shame on individuals, when
things are criminalized and you're not allowing consent, ownership,
you know, the ability for when consent is taken
away to uh to be able to go to
the police and to protect yourself. Uh, THESE are
the things that I feel are exploitative and not
the camera. The camera, I don't feel as exploitative
as some of the, the stereotypes and the, the
moral judgments that then go into laws and regulations
that end up hurting sex workers instead of protecting
and, you know, allowing a safe, healthy space for
individuals to create, to own, and to have consent.
Uh, YEAH, because I mean, when it comes to,
uh, there are particular kinds of people, they tend
to be, for example, conservatives or certain kinds of
feminists. I mean there are different kinds of feminists,
some of them are sex positive and are in
and defend sex work and sex workers in general,
but some of them make claims like, for example,
that there's never consent actually. Consenting pornography and sex
work. I mean, do you think there, there's a
risk of making that kind of assumption?
Well, I like what you just brought up, which
is feminism. I think that's another misconception is that,
um, if you're doing pornography, then you're not a
feminist, right? Whereas it's really hard to say for
someone like myself, uh, who's been an owner of
everything since I've been 19. Years old, how can
you not be a feminist and then also be
an owner, right? So I believe that ownership is
something that's extremely um important and to me feminism
is about choice. And for me, I've made very
empowered choices, you know, while within this industry my
entire career from, like I said, I owned a
studio at the age of 23. I was producing,
directing, traveling in the world. Paying my taxes, taking
care of my family. I took care of my
mother. I've been my legal conservator of my sister
for over 20 years. Like, and for me, feminism
is also, you know, having the ability to take
care of others and nurture and, and be a
part of community and taking care of community. I
also have my own, uh, charity called Hands Providing
Hope that I've had for over 10 years, um,
that is primarily focused in the Philippines and we
do tons of Different things and I work with
the government over there. I've worked with the typhoons
recently. Like, to me that's feminism is being empowered
and, you know, being able to financially take care
of myself and financially take care of others, to
have ownership, you know, I run a team of
other women, um, as well, so I'm able to
give other women jobs and I'm able to keep
other women safe and to educate. All those different
things to me is exactly what feminism is.
Right, but for example, the fact that, uh, some
sex negative, uh, radical feminists, feminists who are against
sex work, uh, make claims like for example, that
it's always done under coercion, that it's never. A
choice, particularly for women, that there's never consent there.
I mean, don't you think that perhaps there are
some risks associated with those kinds of assumptions and
political discourse surrounding sex work and pornography?
Absolutely. And I mean, obviously, like for myself, um,
you know, I've been a DJ. I've produced regular
films like I, you know, and I still keep
coming back to this industry. So obviously, there's a
choice. It's not a cult. It's not like you
can't leave. But yeah, you know, individuals that want
to turn, you know, grown intelligent women like myself
into children that don't have a voice and they
choose to speak for me instead of allowing me
to speak for myself, end up then putting into
law, uh, regulations that end up instead of, like
I said before, creating a safe space for women
to have consent and ownership, they end up doing
the exact opposite and they take Take everything away
and then they put you in situations of where
you then, you are the victim, you know, such
as criminalizing sex work and then not being able
to when consent is taken away to then be
able to go to the police and do a
report on this. I mean, there's many reasons why,
um, somebody speaking over my voice, um, is not
going to be what's best for myself and my
community, and it ends up putting us in danger
instead of helping us.
Yeah, and what do you make specifically of policies
that target sex workers, like, for example, when governments
or states try to uh ban porn or ban
porn. Specifically on the internet and what sometimes people
call sin taxes, taxes directed at uh sex workers
and so on. I mean, what do you make
of those kinds of policies?
Well, Can we say the word hypocrisy? I mean,
when you're looking at the Epstein files right now
when the top people in our government are currently
um involved, I, I, I, I respect that we're
on YouTube. We all know what's currently now in
these Epstein files. Um, YOU know, me and everybody
I know one of the most amazing things about
the adult entertainment industry is before we do, um,
Before we work, before we do a scene as
we take all this time to go through consent.
We go through all of our body parts, our
do's, our don'ts, what do you like? What are
we comfortable? We have a long conversation on consent
and we do testing. We do every 14 days
we're having, um, we're getting full panel testing. So,
you know, you're talking about individuals that are doing
some of the most heinous crimes, sexual crimes towards
children, teenagers, and women right now that are coming
after a woman like myself who's got autonomy, ownership,
consent, um, and trying to pass judgment on me
and what I do. Um, WHEN, when you look
at what they're doing, and that is disgusting and
vile, it's illegal. Nothing that I'm doing is, um,
morally, in my opinion, as long as there's consent
between two adults. Then, you know, it's just complete
hypocrisy.
Yeah, and I, I don't, I don't know if
you agree with me on this point or not,
but I also get the sense that whenever people
try to target, uh, pornography and sex work more
generally and try to ban it or bring it
down or turn it illegal in some way, they're
not just targeting sex. Sex workers themselves, but they're
also uh targeting uh women more generally in terms
of them being able to make their own choices
when it comes to their sexuality, their sexual expression,
and so on.
I, I do appreciate you bringing that up, but
yes, have you ever heard of the saying, thou
dost protest too much? Have you heard of that
thing? It's like pretty much every time you see
a lot of these evangelical conservatives that, you know,
are standing on some type of pedestal preaching about
something, whatever they're preaching about, you then some kind
of scandal comes out, you find out they're gay,
you know. They have the most conservative, um, convention,
we all know who Grindr is. Grindr blows up,
right? So I mean, once again, it goes back
to this hypocrisy that I was talking about before,
but then like what you're talking about, then it
goes into complete uh control and misogyny, which, you
know, I think we're at a We're at a
place right now in time where, you know, we're
really seeing like some of the most ugly and
the worst that's being amplified, you know, whether it
comes down to, uh, racism at the moment, you're
seeing um some of the worst appalling attitudes towards
racism that are being uplifted and amplified, and I
would say the same thing for misogyny right now
as well. There's a lot of um You know,
and, and being a sex worker, you are dealing
consistently like with all of these kind of right-wing
conservative rescue groups that are trying to rescue sex
workers. So I was very familiar with it, you
know, before like Project 2025. And the Heritage Foundation
started, uh, really kind of posting, you know, this
war against, you know, I feel it's a war
against almost everybody, the average American citizen to gay,
transgender, people of color, women. I mean, just like,
it seems like they hate everybody equally. Uh, BUT
there was a certain distaste, I think, absolutely for
women and female sexuality, ownership, consent, um, these different
aspects that, um, they really want us submissive in
the kitchen, having children, and not being able to
educate ourselves, and, you know, and that's the Patriarchy,
right? And at the end of the day, patriarchy,
and you hear it time and time again, doesn't
just hurt women. It hurts men, it hurts society,
it hurts culture, you know, I, I really feel
like men need to step down. They're ruining this
world and this planet, and I, you know, I
just feel like, uh, well, the statistics and the
numbers don't lie. Men, uh, women. I think because
we bring life into the world, we have a
lot more reverence and love and compassion for humanity
and would find a lot of different ways to
diplomatically get through um situations, you know, political situations
outside of, you know, let's get some nuclear codes
and just blow everybody up and beat everybody down
and starve people to death in concentration camps. I
mean, It's, it's pretty horrific what's not just only
going on in the US, but what's going on
in Gaza, what's going on in Iran right now.
I mean, there's just so much like violence and
terrorism from governments towards, towards we the people and,
you know, all kinds of You know, women are
an oppressed minority just along with, you know, uh,
people of color and indigenous people, and, you know,
we the people have to all come together and,
uh, you know, stand up against all of these
atrocities that are happening right now.
Yeah, and one thing that I find particularly ridiculous,
even absurd, I would say, uh, because you mentioned
also the patriarchy and then people, politicians in particularly
trying to control women's bodies through, for example, policies
that target sex work. Uh, THE thing that I
find absurd is when there are sex negative radical
feminists. Decide to align themselves with those conservative and
religious people against sex workers as if they wouldn't
take the first opportunity they get to also to
take the rest of the rights that women have
in America, for example, and other places as soon
as they could, right?
Well, you know, I mean, as a woman, you
know, it. Devastated me, uh, when this particular president
was voted in, and it wasn't everybody, it was
specifically from, from woman to woman that I had
an issue like how can women vote against their
own, their own rights, um, but you saw so
many people. In this last election, you know, from
farmers to brown people that voted against themselves under
this current administration, and it took me a lot
of trying to educate myself and There's been quite
a few women that have left what I would
like to call the mega cult to try to
help us other women understand like how could you
go against your own kind. Like it just like
really blew my mind. But you know, the way
that they're indoctrinated, you know, within like Christian nationalism,
like Mormonism, all these different things for women to
be subservient, no critical thinking, not to be educated.
Uh, TO, to, to go, uh, with whatever the
man says. You know, it, it helped me and
then also some other content creators that I was
listening to how a lot of white women instead
of aligning with other women, which statistics show that
quite often women don't align with other women until
they've been divorced and they've had to try to
make it on their own, then they find their
way quite often to, you know, uh, a liberal,
more democratic kind of policies, but as long as
they are Um, you know, married with children and
in the, in the sanctity of a marriage, they
will choose to align themselves with their whiteness before
their womanness, and they feel as long as they
are aligned with uh whiteness and the man that
they will be protected within that space, but History
shows us that if you're a white woman in
this situation that you are not going to be
protected. You are still going to be uh essayed
and you're still going to be used and abused.
Like this is not the protection that you're hoping
that it's going to give you. It's going to
turn around on you and I mean, I think
Pam Bondi. We just had Pam Bondi, you know,
in front of Congress. I mean, this is like
a perfect example of a woman. I mean, it
was so vile and disgusting that when they had
the survivors stand up right behind her, she wouldn't
even give them the common courtesy to turn around
and look at them. I mean, this is a
woman that's not even willing to look at other
women that have been, and they were children when
they were abused and, and used and just it
it blows. MY mind as a woman that's supposed
to be loving, nurturing, compassionate. Like that's an aspect
of femininity, and you're completely turning on that for
your own selfish, narcissistic, uh, you know, career. But
I, you know, I'm hoping that the US has
got its own Nuremberg trials and she will have
her day in court. And once again, like I
just said, like this is not going to protect
you. You are on the wrong side of history.
And if anybody has ever I mean, right now
it feels like nothing is going to happen, but
I'm really hoping that in most situations, you know,
that we can look back in history, you know,
there is a comeuppance that will happen and that
time will, will come and I, I'm, I'm hoping,
I'm looking forward to seeing that day because I
mean, it just, I mean, you can obviously hear
the rage inside of me, just seeing another woman
do that to other women. It's just, it, it's,
it's, it's vile and disgusting.
No, no, it's perfectly understandable. And earlier you mentioned
social media and Instagram and other platforms that sex
workers nowadays resort to, to basically publicize themselves and
so on. What do you make of the fact
that many of those social media platforms nowadays, and
I read some news, for example, from back in
December on X Twitter that they were targeting. Um,
OR banning or suspending accounts from, uh, or, or
sex workers' accounts and, and there's lots of shadow
banning on Instagram, on X, and other platforms. I
mean, don't, don't you think that makes, uh, uh,
that targets their livelihood but also at the same
time makes their work less safe?
Well, you know, I mean, once again, this is
the misogyny. Most of these businesses would not have
grown to the kind of popularity that they had
without sexy bitches being on those platforms. I mean,
come on, let's all get real. Everybody, uh, I
mean, the two things that everybody knew Twitter for
was Uh, crypto and pornography, right? And then, uh,
Instagram, we all know how many men have gotten
in trouble in their relationships because they were following
hot girls in bikinis on Instagram. So none of
these tech companies have a problem completely building their
infrastructure on this business and then when they get
to a Certain place financially where they no longer
need us in the same kind of way that
women quite often are used and then, uh, disposed
of, uh, then decide to turn, turn around and
turn against us. And yes, all of those things
happen and you know, within the adult entertainment industry,
we have a union called APPEG and that particular
union has been in a lawsuit with Instagram. And
Instagram is very aware of that there's a whole
racket that goes on of not only just shadow
banning, but then banning your account. And then people
from Instagram that work there contact you and based
upon the amount of followers and your popularity charge
you a certain price to get your account. Back,
right? And so, I mean, I know some, I
mean this is literally like, um, you know, this
is racketeering. This is a racket of where they're
more or less like blackmailing you and saying, yes,
you know, well, you can have your account back
but it's gonna cost you $5000 10,000 dollars, $20,000
right? So there's that whole aspect and Instagram is
very aware that this is going on, which is
illegal, right? Um, AND then also too, exactly, you
know, a lot of different, uh, platforms sex workers
use as a way of verification of community, of
safety, checking on each other, uh, letting each other
know if certain individuals, um, are, are risky or
dangerous. Yes, there's many different ways that we've built.
To me because we can't rely on the police
or I mean, and you can see with the
whole Epstein thing like why would anybody, you know,
actually report anything because nothing ever gets done, right?
So as a community, we've learned many different ways
to come together and find creative um infrastructure and
ways and part of that infrastructure is using social
media to stay safe. And so yes, when you
Uh, take those platforms away from us, then, then
you're taking away our ability to connect with our
community and to, um, you know, share information about
keeping ourselves safe within that community.
Mhm. So, I, I mean, of course, this also
involves uh the social stigma that we know surrounds
uh sex work and sex workers. Um, IN what
ways do you think uh we can humanize the
sex workers? I mean What can we do culturally?
I know that's, that's probably not something easy to
do, but what can we do culturally to help
humanizing sex workers and provide the general public with
a more positive view of them?
Well, thank you. One of the things is having
us on your podcast and allowing this conversation to
exist, you know, and I, I, I remember when
the, the word sex worker first came out. I
was so happy because the, the shape. Shame isn't
in the sex, it's in the way that you
treat the worker, right? And so I really appreciated
when the word sex worker became a word that,
you know, press and media started utilizing because obviously,
you know, sex work is work. And I think
once we start utilizing like that particular word sex
worker instead of pornographer or prostitute or whatever word
you want to use, but to use the, the
correct word, I believe that gives dignity to the
sex worker and also uh make sure that it
emanates and amplifies the concept of worker rights as
well. But besides, you know, having a conversation um
about it, uh, I think another way of humanizing
is men talking to men about how they talk
about women, right? I think that's something that's very
important. I, um, if, you know, a man is
having another conversation about women or sex workers amongst
their friend group, you know, to stand up, uh,
against men that are misogynistic, that are volatile, and,
you know, like we really need We really need
men. We need our allies, you know, it's not
all men, right? There are some beautiful allies of
men that are out there. Um, AND then also
too, we need laws that, you know, reflect safety,
consent, these different things. So I think it's a,
a, a combination. Of, uh, treating us like human
in public spaces, having the conversations, having the laws
that reflect it. I think those are a couple
of different things that can, um, you know, humanize
the, the sex worker and also, you know, there's
always so much, um, there's always so much focus
on the sex worker. But the sex worker wouldn't
be there if there wasn't demand, right? So, you
know, I think we need to also look at
the scope of we all have sex, even our
own moms had sex. Like we're all having sex.
It's not, um, it's just sex, right? We all
do it. We eat, we poke, we pee, we,
and we have sex. It's just part of the
human experience, so. Um, I think making it less
taboo and finding the healthy humane aspects of sexuality
and how to promote that is also a good
way of, um, you know, promoting the, the, um,
the space in which a sex worker operates.
Yeah, and by the way, since I asked you
about that, have you seen any sort of positive
evolution, any sort of progression in terms of how
people deal with uh sex workers, particularly the ones
that have some, some sort of uh popularity like
some um, Uh, like some porn actresses, I, I
mean, have you seen any positive evolution over the
past 30+ years that you've been in the industry?
Absolutely. I mean, when I first got into the
business, there was no way, you know, the adult
entertainment industry also just like I always say you've
got big Hollywood and little Hollywood, and just like
big Hollywood, we had our own Me Too movement.
Um AND at that point, everything changed about how
we went about doing things with consent. Like back
in the 90s, we didn't have a 25 minute
conversation before you shot a scene on consent and
so that has been something that's changed a lot.
I think um There was a lot more racism
in the adult entertainment industry in the 90s where
it's much more diverse, uh, not just with color
but body shapes and I think um also um
Once again, women are owning things, so, uh, but,
but by, by the way, uh, uh, since you
mentioned that point of, uh, you thinking that there's
less racism and there's more variety of bodies nowadays,
uh, on the other hand, do you think That
perhaps there's at least a little bit of risk
that some of that has to do with fetishizing
people who are uh of particular ethnicities, races, body
shapes, and so on.
I think that's a fine line, right? So I
personally, I've always loved Asian men, right? So, and
I've never met an Asian man to this day
that's like, oh, I don't want you to like
Asian men. You're fetishizing. I'm a blonde woman with
big boobies, right? Like I'm fetishized too to a
certain extent, right? So, um, I feel like if
you have a true love for that ethnicity and
it's your preferences. Yes, you know, sometimes, uh, but
it's like a line, right? It's like what is
your intention and your motivation. So I do feel
that so much of the content that's interracial really
comes from thou doth protest too much. And I
see it all the time in my own fans.
It's like these super conservative white men that have
Got some kind of racial hangup that it comes
out in their sexuality that's just like not, uh,
not cool, right? So yeah, some of that can,
but what I do hope is that at least
it is a space where the workers are protected
enough that maybe, you know, I do feel that
a lot of um Like I do a lot
with uh BDSM. I'm a dominatrix as well, and
I do feel that a lot of um BDSM
has a lot of psychological roleplay in different things
that people work out their traumas. So I kind
of hope that it might be something. Somewhat of
a safe space that people can heal and work
on some of these things. Um, BUT of course,
not all people are looking to heal through their
sexuality and a lot of people aren't looking to
heal, but they actually do end up doing it
without even knowing it by kind of delving into
some of these things. But once again, the main
thing is, is that if somebody does have bad
intentions with racism because I see it happen on
my own fan pages, like I have the ability
to block them and not tolerate that kind of
BS from somebody. So, but in general, um, I
do love, love, love seeing like I come from
the days of the nineties where it was, you
know, everybody had to look like a Playboy model.
It was very cookie-cutter, blonde, 5'7, double D, 125
pounds, where now, one of my best friends in
the business is Julie Ginger. She is a big
girl and there is a lot of love from
her, you know, and I just, I love I
love it for the fans too, right? That, I
mean, how many guys wanted to see somebody like
Julie Ginger before and like there was no content
being made for them, right? So I'm happy for
the consumer that they have a wider variety, that
there's opportunities for more men, women, transgender in the
business because it's, it's so diverse, right? And I,
and I love that so much because like Somebody
like myself that came to this business because I
was born uneducated and I was able to give
myself a life that I'm so blessed and so
grateful for. Like, I want everybody to be able
to have, you know, access to that. And now
with the diversification of the business, yes, so many
others are able to really, you know, develop an
empire and create a really good life for themselves.
Have you seen uh the rise of the MILF
category? I mean, the first time it came around
was in, I think, the early 2000s after the
release of the movie American Pie, where the uh
acronym comes from, and then the explosion occurred around
the mid to late 2000s. I mean, do you
look at uh the rise of that category as
something positive because If I understand it correctly, if
I have, if I'm getting my history right before
that, I mean, basically, uh, the porn industry was
only interested in women up till around, I don't
know, 25 years of age or something like that.
So yeah, when I originally retired the first time,
it was in 2006 when I decided to leave.
And at that time, the word MILF had just
came out and I remember them wanting to call
me a MILF. I think I was like, you
know, 31 years old or something, and I was
like, oh my God, my career is over. I'm
old. Right. And I mean, I really thought that
way at that time and the word mouth came
out and none of us particularly cared for it
because at that point, there was no word that
existed that I had ever heard of that described
an older woman in a positive light. There was
only like Mrs. Robinson, right? But that was so
minuscule. It really, you know, it wasn't very big
culturally. And so we thought it was just another
degrading term for women and you know, it's, it's
very funny because You know, now, uh, so in
the adult entertainment industry, we call people that are
not in the adult entertainment industry, we call them
civilians, right? And so all of my civilian older
female friends, like it's funny because a lot of
them don't realize that hashtagoldbiatches are trending, right? Like
they still are going by the old playbook that
they have to like, don't, don't ask me my
age. I'm like, oh my God. God, don't you
know, like, that's one of the best things. Like,
you know, and it's so true. Like MILF became
the most searched, uh, keyword on all of the
different platforms around the world, not just in the
US. So, um, I'm so happy, you know, definitely,
just because I'm in the adult entertainment industry does
not mean that I agree with everything and how
they do it. There's many things I disagree with.
Uh, BUT this is one thing that we got
right, you know, was absolutely we made the playing
field for women, uh, pretty much the same as
men, right? So men, if you got money and
you're older, you're cool. Women, if you're a hot
bitch and you're older, you're cool, right? Like we
finally have leverage to continue to play in the
game as we've gotten older and, um, Yeah, you
know, I, I love the whole milk thing now.
I mean, obviously I, I left the business and
I came back and the milk was booming and
you know, now I'm able to, and I'm also
trying to work on something because I'm sure you've
heard of guilt, grandmother, right? But I like another
one because I'm 52. I'm almost like past the
milk stage. I'm going into the guilt stage, but
I like glammy, so I'm going with. Glammy. So,
you know, I'm just like so aesthetically happy that,
you know, I'm able to stay in this business
and other, and all the women in the world
can, can age and still be sexual and attractive
and have value, which is what we did not
have before. We were disposable at a certain age
where now we, and it's not like our looks
are our only value. I mean that's Very obvious.
As an older woman, I'm much more experienced. I
have a lot more wisdom. There's so many different
things that as an older woman that I offer
as value, but just in a very shallow perspective
of keeping us in the game, just like men,
not the only thing is money. But I think
you kind of get my point that it, it
changed the playing field for women and I'm, I'm
very proud of that, that porn gave that to
women.
Yeah, great. So one last question then, because you
mentioned, of course, that you do not necessarily agree
with everything that goes around in the porn or
the sex industry. What would you like to be
changed in a more, in, in a positive way?
So one of the ways that racism was kind
of ingrained into the industry is we used to
have something called the Cambria Law. So this was
like back in the 80s. So back in the
80s, a lot of uh pornographers were getting jailed
like uh a hustler, Larry Flynt, Russ Hampshire from
VCA. And so there was like a list of
things that There were to kind of keep us
out of the realm of obscene and keep us
out of jail. One of them was black men
shouldn't have sex with white women, right? That was
one of the things that was on the Cambria
law, which is how it was kind of ingrained
into the adult industry, this racism. So obviously I
don't, I didn't agree with that, but I understood
at the time where it was coming from, like
what their intention was. Uh, EVEN though it was
incorrect. Um, AND so one of the things that
I've disagreed with, uh, since, uh, 19, well, maybe
around 2000, I think this started happening was, so
1999 was when we had the internet bubble burst,
right? Before then, like people were getting Ferraris as
signing bonuses and I remember wanting to start my
first website and I was like, I can't afford
to give a webmaster a Ferrari. But when the
bubble burst, everybody came to To, um, the adult
entertainment industry because nobody had gotten paid. Everyone knew
that adults had money. So then I started my
first website and one of the first things that,
um, that was part of like having a website
was something called a tour, right? And the tour
was before you got behind the paywall. And so
originally as part of the tour, one of the
things that we had is everything was like PG-13.
Like there was no explicit content that was outside
of your website. Um, AND then, uh, somebody made
a decision, you know, funk that. We're just gonna
do whatever we want and we're gonna put, you
know, adult images everywhere. Um, AND as a woman,
I don't have kids. OK, I do have kids.
I have 2 cats and 2 dogs, but you
get my point. I don't feel that the adult
entertainment industry did the right thing by saturating, uh,
the internet with adult material that children could see.
And I've always firmly believed if we don't self-govern
like we tried to with the Cambria law back
then with a bunch of different things, if we're
not self-governing, when the government comes in and, you
know, uh, takes a riding crop to our earth,
we shouldn't be surprised, right? Because we didn't do
the right thing and I do feel as though
we failed the public. By not protecting children with
adult imagery, and now we've got all this age
verification coming at us, um, and that is hurting
many adult businesses right now, but we should have
did the right thing from the beginning and we
chose not to, and these are the consequences. And
I know a lot of people in my own
industry are not going to agree with what I
just said, but I said what I said and
I meant it.
Yeah, so, look, uh uh uh let's perhaps wrap
up our conversation here. It's been very, very interesting.
Thank you so much for coming on the show.
But just before we go, where can people find
you on the internet?
Well, my name is Brittany Andrews, B R I
T T A N Y and you probably could
find months of free content just by searching my
name. But be a good person and support your
pornographers and uh you can find me everywhere. On
all social media, I go by DJ Britstar, DJ
B R I T S T A R, and
between those two names, you can find me pretty
much everywhere. I'm everywhere. Omnipresent as they may say.
After 35 years, you're gonna be everywhere.
Great, so Miss Brittany, thank you so, so much
for coming on the show. It's been a great
pleasure to talk with you.
Thank you very much, and I hope I get
a chance to come back again one time. Thank
you.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Enlights Learning and
Development done differently. Check their website at enlights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters,
Perergo Larsson, Jerry Muller, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyaz Olaf,
Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingberrd, Arnaud Wolff, Tim Hollis,
Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forst Connolly. Then Dmitri
Robert Windegeru Inai Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield, Governor,
Michel Stormir, Samuel Andrea, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoo, and
Hal Herzognun, Machael Jonathan Labrarith, John Yardston, and Samuel
Curric Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel, Sardusran,
David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezaraujo Romain Roach, Diego Londono
Correa. Yannik Punteran Ruzmani, Charlotte Blis Nico Barbaro, Adam
Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alekbaka Madison, Gary G. Alman, Semov, Zal
Adrian Yei Poltontin, John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward Hall,
Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolotti, Gabriel Pancortez or
Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffy, Sony Smith, and
Wisman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg Jarno, Luke
Lovai, Georgios Theophanous, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin, David Williams,
Dio Costa, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw, Marie
Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D. Lee Jr.
Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber, Robert Grassy,
Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix, Mark Kempel,
Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly Johnson, Benjamin
Gelbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson, Ismael Bensleyman.
George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate Van Goler,
Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali Mohammadi, Perpendicular,
Jannaertner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsov, Sean Nelson,
Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A special thanks to
my producers Iar Webb, Jim Frank Lucas Stink, Tom
Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller, Thomas Trumbull, Catherine
and Patrick Tobin, John Carlomon Negro, Al Nick Cortiz,
and Nick Golden, and to my executive producers, Matthew
Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis, and Rosie. Thank you
for all.